I was hit by a car while riding my electric scooter on my way to work back in late October, this was 2 days before I was to leave my job and move further upstate (keep in mind I did not have a new job lined up, it was a time sensitive matter).

I landed head first, after flipping over my scooters handle bars, my top front teeth ended up going through the skin under my lower lip, and cracking/shattering a lot of my teeth.

I was in the middle of going through a few dental appointments to get rotten teeth cleaned, capped, filled, etc. (I had just gone through a massive depressive episode and did not take care of myself at all, it was awful, but was working on getting myself back on my feet with the help of therapy).

When I went to the dentist after recovering from my more harsh injuries enough to walk, they told me that the car insurance would not cover the work, until after the work was completed, and that I'd need to pay completely up front (about $4000 USD for the accident work, or what Geico considered part of the accident, which left out some teeth) and then after the procedure was over they pay me back. The teeth they had left out, instead of being filled, now needed entire root canals, and some other teeth had also worsened because of this. 

In total, my dental fees now stood at $8000, half would be up front in one appointment, and the other half would be after my insurance covered the rest.

This was a massive issue for me, as I now did not have a job, and could not work due to my knee effusion which made it near impossible to walk, and my extremely sore body and healing wounds.

I would not be able to walk until January (even though it should've healed within weeks not months.) And now, even though I'm completely capable, and Qualified, I'm struggling to find a job, companies like *non-descript drink making join* and *non-descript movie theater concession stand* keep rejecting me with emails that read "Even though you are greatly qualified, and competitive, you do not meet our minimum qualifications." Keep in mind I was a fast food shift manager, a restaurant dishwasher, worked at one of these drink joints before, and a couple other jobs. I have the qualifications, but nobody will hire.


So now, I'm stuck, we can barely afford food after rent every month (pretty much all of my girlfriends money goes towards bills), and no matter how well I brush my teeth with my electric brush, I wash out my mouth, pick at my teeth with tooth picks, or how often. I'm stuck with extremely exposed nerves, all of which are rotting away because of this, no matter what I do.

And It's the most embarrassment I've ever felt, the social anxiety and body anxiety I feel over my teeth is so much worse than my dysphoria at this point, I wish dysphoria was all I had.


Anyways, if you want to help pay for some of our groceries, or better yet help me pay my medical bills, [I do have a Ko-Fi Link](https://ko-fi.com/limepot/goal?g=0). Anything helps, truly. If you can't/don't want to donate, I completely understand, but I am extremely grateful for you reading this far, as I didn't write this with the intent of asking for donations initially, just wanted to vent. :comfynight:
